docs/src/doc/contribution/knowledge-base/artefact-differentiation.md, before:

This document describes what the individual artefacts are for and how they are used.

## godot-runtime
### Overview
The `godot-runtime` contains runtime specific implementations which enables the jvm and the cpp code to interact. It contains stuff like our own Garbage Collector and TransferContext. Also the core types are located here. The reason being that the core types are needed inside your GC. Hence they cannot go inside `godot-library`.

### Usage
The `godot-runtime` should not be used by the user directly. `godot-library` has a transitive dependency on it so the user can access the core types. This artefact is published to mavenCentral (so the transitive part works) and is also used as a dependency by `godot-bootstrap` and hence present in the shadowJar `godot-bootstrap.jar` which gets shipped alongside the engine executable. In there it handles loading and reloading as well as cpp/jvm interactions.

## godot-library
### Overview
The `godot-library` contains the godot api as kotlin classes as well as registration code. It is automatically added as a dependency to the users code by the `godot-gradle-plugin`. Hence it is deployed to mavenCentral. It is also used as a dependency by `godot-bootstrap` and thus present in the `godot-bootstrap.jar` which gets shipped alongside the engine.

### Usage
The `godot-library` is mainly used by the end user implicitly. Implicitly because he does not add it by himself. The `godot-gradle-plugin` does that. But it is also used by the `godot-bootstrap.jar` for initial loading and usage in the editor. Important is, that during runtime, only the version that was added as a dependency to the users code through the `godot-gradle-plugin` is used. The version inside `godot-bootstrap` is only used for the editor.

## godot-bootstrap
### Overview
The `godot-bootstrap` is a shadowJar (also known as fat jar) which contains `godot-runtime` and `godot-library` as well as all the dependencies the user has defined recursively. This is needed so they and all dependencies and the dependencies of the dependencies are present at runtime.

### Usage
The `godot-bootstrap` is shipped alongside the engine for editor use and is bundled together with the game executable during export. It is never used by the user directly nor added as a dependency anywhere.

## main
### Overview
The `main.jar` is built when the user builds his code. It is a shadowJar containing only the users code and all dependencies.

### Usage
This jar is bundled together with the game executable during export and executed through the `godot-bootstrap` during runtime. It is nowhere else used.

Commit message:

Update documentation for godot 4 (#476)
* Update documentation for godot 4

* Add final project structure and remove out of place dependency documentation

* Fix link

* Fix typo

* Fix typo

* Update mkdocs, theme and highlighting

* Fix title

* Hide navigation on home screen

* Fix checkout instructions

docs/src/doc/contribution/knowledge-base/artefact-differentiation.md, after:

This document describes what the individual artefacts are for and how they are used.

## godot-library
### Overview
The `godot-library` contains the godot api as kotlin classes as well as registration code. It is automatically added as a dependency to the users code by the `godot-gradle-plugin`. Hence, it is deployed to mavenCentral. It is also used as a dependency by `godot-bootstrap` and thus present in the `godot-bootstrap.jar` which gets shipped alongside the engine.

### Usage
The `godot-library` is mainly used by the end user implicitly. Implicitly because he does not add it by himself. The `godot-gradle-plugin` does that. But it is also used by the `godot-bootstrap.jar` for initial loading and usage in the editor. Important is, that during runtime, only the version that was added as a dependency to the users code through the `godot-gradle-plugin` is used. The version inside `godot-bootstrap` is only used for the editor.

## godot-bootstrap
### Overview
The `godot-bootstrap` is a shadowJar (also known as fat jar) which contains the `godot-library` and runtime code to reload usercode in the editor after rebuilds.

### Usage
The `godot-bootstrap` is shipped alongside the engine for editor use and is bundled together with the game executable during export. It is never used by the user directly nor added as a dependency anywhere.

## main
### Overview
The `main.jar` is built when the user builds his code. It is a shadowJar containing only the users code as well as all the dependencies the user has defined recursively. This is needed so they and all dependencies and the dependencies of the dependencies are present at runtime.

### Usage
This jar is bundled together with the game executable during export and executed through the `godot-bootstrap` during runtime. It is nowhere else used.

## usercode
### Overview
The `usercode` artifact is a shared library which is only used on GraalVM native image builds. It contains all code from the `main.jar` and the `godot-bootstrap.jar`.

### Usage
It replaces the `godot-bootstrap.jar` and the `main.jar` when the game is exported. It is only used when configured either as a commandline arg or through the configuration file (see [GraalVM documentation](../../user-guide/advanced/graal-vm-native-image.md) for more information). While it is used (either in game or editor) no usercode can be reloaded.
