docs/src/doc/contribution/knowledge-base/entry-generation.md, before:

# Entry generation

## General
The entry generator is included as a git submodule in this project as it is used by both the [godot-kotlin-native](https://github.com/utopia-rise/godot-kotlin-native) and [godot-kotlin-jvm](https://github.com/utopia-rise/godot-kotlin-jvm) projects. It's github project can be found [here](https://github.com/utopia-rise/godot-kotlin-entry-generator).  

The entry generator project on it's own is useless. It needs kotlin compiler information about the source code being compiled to do its work.  So the entry generator is in essence a kotlin compiler plugin. But the actual compiler plugin bits are implemented per project. In both projects these modules are in the `entry-generation` folder and use `godot-annotation-processor` as entry point which is the "actual" compiler plugin. It leverages the [mpapt](https://github.com/Foso/MpApt) project to gather all descriptors annotated with godot annotations and passes them to the entry generator to generate the entry files.

## Additional compilation targets
As we need sophisticated compiler information about the classes being compiled, we are actually too late in the compilation process to include our generated files in the current compilation round. We could of course directly generate kotlin IR to still include our sources in the current compilation run, but this has many other drawbacks of which the biggest one is maintainability. Hence we create a additional compilation target called `game` in the `godot-gradle-plugin` which contains all sources of the `main` compilation target and adds the generated sources from the compilation round of `main` to it. So we are to late for the compilation round of `main` but not for `game`. And we have almost no additional compilation time as the sources of `main` are already compiled and do not have to be recompiled for `game`.

## Debugging
As the entry generator is a kotlin compiler plugin, it cannot be debugged traditionally by just clicking debug on the `build` task in intellij like you would do normally for kapt annotation processors.

To debug it you have to execute the following command in the terminal: `./gradlew build --no-daemon -Dorg.gradle.debug=true -Dkotlin.compiler.execution.strategy="in-process" -Dkotlin.daemon.jvm.options="-Xdebug,-Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,address=5005,server=y,suspend=n"` from within a sample project.

This will halt the compilation until you attach a remote debugger. You can find a preconfigured run configuration for it in the sample project `tests` called `DebugEntryGenerator`.

!!! note
    Compilation with attached debugger will be way slower. Especially for the initial build. So be patient. It takes some time until it hits your breakpoints.

Keep in mind: As this spawns a new daemon for each build, no incemental build is supported. Each build builds everything. If you need to debug a incremental build issue, the only way atm is to log relevant debug information to a file.

Commit message:

Implement KSP based entry gen (#244)
* Implement basics of symbol processing

* Implement basic generation of class registrars including class and constructor registration

* Fix package path if class has no package, configure intellij and fix writing to file

* Implement function registration

* Implement signal registration

* Start property registration

* Implement property registration

* Fix some bugs

* Fix some godot files

* Fix entry path

* Move ksp plugin configuration to our gradle plugin and move psi and compiler data extractors to symbol processor

* Cleanup gradle plugin

* Add hint mapping

* Delete old entry gen,compiler plugin and rename new one

* Restructure CompilerDataProvider

* Restructure and cleanup symbol processor

* Implement sanity checks

* Add some comments

* Update documentation about entry gen

* Fix rpc registration

* Change exported property to be long because of #243

* Update workflows

* Fix workflow job name

* Fix check pr of godot-kotlin-symbol-processing

* Fix compiler warnings

* Cleanup hint string generators

* Remove TypeKind `TYPE_ALIAS`

* Readd godot configuration

* Change error message for overloading constructor check

* Comment why setting an explicit duplication strategy for the copy task

* Replace deprecated methods and fix some compiler warnings

* Fix windows path

* Fix windows path

* Add enum values to model enum annotations and generate enum hint string at compilation time rather than at runtime

docs/src/doc/contribution/knowledge-base/entry-generation.md, after:

# Entry generation

## General
The entry generator project on its own is useless. It needs sophisticated information about the source code being compiled. To make it more language agnostic, the entry gen provides a set of model classes which represent the needed information about the source code by the entry gen. It expects this information to be gathered and assembled by the calling tool and to be provided in the entry point of the entry gen.

For kotlin, this tool is `godot-kotlin-symbol-processor` which in essence is a compiler plugin, which analyses the source code, and gathers the information needed by the entry gen. It then calls the entry gen which in turn generates the needed entry files.

## godot-kotlin-symbol-processor
Previously, we implemented our own compiler plugin based on the [mpapt](https://github.com/Foso/MpApt) project. Even though it worked very well, the code was far from easy to understand and as the compiler plugin api is not stable, it also introduced a lot of maintenance work to keep it up to date with the ever evolving kotlin compiler.

To mitigate that problem we switched to [KSP (Kotlin Symbol Processing API)](https://github.com/google/ksp) which is basically a kotlin annotation processor (kapt) on steroids. Meaning it in essence is a compiler plugin which lets you inspect the source code being compiled through a abstracted and simplified api. This means for us that we can work against a more stable api and the work of keeping it up to date with kotlin compiler changes is offloaded to a well maintained open source project with far more people with better knowledge about the internal workings of the kotlin compiler.

We use our implementation of a kotlin symbol processor to gather all needed information for the entry gen and convert it into the format it understands. With this it should be more easy to implement additional jvm languages as the entry gen itself can stay the same for all languages. Only the symbol processor has to change per language.

## Default value extraction
We extract the default values with the help of Jetbrain's [Program Structure Interface (PSI)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/psi.html), which is basically a language specific AST (Abstract Syntax Tree). But as the simplified API of KSP does not allow the introspection of the source code representation, we implemented this ourselves in the `godot-kotlin-symbol-processor` as well.

## Debugging
As `godot-kotlin-symbol-processor` is a kotlin compiler plugin and thus the execution context of the entry gen is as well, it cannot be debugged traditionally by just clicking debug on the `build` task in intellij like you would do normally for kapt annotation processors.

To debug it you have to execute the following command in the terminal: `./gradlew build --no-daemon -Dorg.gradle.debug=true -Dkotlin.compiler.execution.strategy="in-process" -Dkotlin.daemon.jvm.options="-Xdebug,-Xrunjdwp:transport=dt_socket,address=5005,server=y,suspend=n"` from within a sample project.

This will halt the compilation until you attach a remote debugger. You can find a preconfigured run configuration for it in the sample project `tests` called `DebugEntryGenerator`.

!!! note
    Compilation with attached debugger will be way slower. Especially for the initial build. So be patient. It takes some time until it hits your breakpoints.

Keep in mind: As this spawns a new daemon for each build, no incremental build is supported. Each build builds everything. If you need to debug a incremental build issue, the only way atm is to log relevant debug information to a file.
