docs/src/doc/contribution/knowledge-base/memory-management.md, before:

The purpose of this page is to give some clarification about how Godot and the JVM manage their memory together. 

## Regular Godot memory management

### Object and Refcounted

Godot manages the memory in two ways. Classes belonging to the `Object` category are manually freed.
If not done, it will remain in memory until the program terminates and leak. To make memory management easier,
another category called `Refcounted` exists. Through an internal counter, these classes keep track of how many
times they are referenced by other parts of the program. When the counter reaches 0 the instances will be freed
automatically from memory.

### Instance binding

Other languages can have different ways to handle memory than Godot. To help with it, Godot objects can hold `instance bindings`.
It's a set of callbacks that can be implemented by whoever wish to add a new language binding to Godot.
There are callbacks for the different phases of the lifecycle of an object: *creation*, *destruction* and *counter updates*.
Using those callbacks, one can then synchronize the state of the Godot object with the memory of the targeted languages.

## Java Virtual Machine

### Garbage Collector

The JVM doesn't allow to manually manage memory. Instead, a subsystem, called Garbage Collector, will periodically run over the
different objects in memory and check if they should be freed. The idea is similar to reference counting, as an object will be
freed when it's not referenced by any other parts of the code. But unlike the reference counting technique it's not immediate,
there is a delay before it happens as the Garbage Collector needs to run and find candidates for deletion before.

All in all, it's different from the ways Godot works and require a whole system to bridge the two worlds.

### Wrapper and script instance

Each time a Godot object requires some interactions with the JVM (e.g., sending a parameter from C++ to a Kotlin script methods,
created directly by a Kotlin scripts, etc...), it needs to acquire an existence inside it. A Godot object can be of two differents
types within the JVM.

The first is a `Wrapper`, there is a wrapper class for every Godot base type already existing in C++ (Object, Refcounted, Nodes, etc...).
As the name implies, they simply wrap a C++ pointer and use it to call all the C++ methods the Godot object holds.

The second type are the `Script Instances`, they are the custom scripts users wrote. For this type, the process is the reverse,
they expose a set of Kotlin properties and methods to the C++ so they can be used by the engine like you would do with a common GDScript code.

### Memory manager

In C++ Godot, an object made out of two components: a *base type* and an *optional script*. We mirror the Godot's object structure in the JVM
with the wrappers and script instances. One major difference is that in C++, the script instance is simply a member of the base script and
emulate inheritance this way. In Kotlin, for technical reasons, we don't have another choice than doing true inheritance.
A script instance always inherits a wrapper type. The consequences are that for a given C++ object, we can have 2 different JVM objects, each with their own lifecycle.
The wrapper is bound to the Godot instance and the script instance is bound to its script.
A Godot object can freely add, remove and switch script during its lifetime.

To manage this, we created a singleton named `MemoryManager`, providing the following functionalities:

* Keeping an up-to-date database of all Kotlin instances, being wrapper or script instance existing in the JVM.
* Matching any C++ pointer with an existing JVM instance (necessary when a C++ parameter is sent to a Kotlin function).
* Synchronizing the life of JVM and C++ instances.

![Memory Manager](../../assets/img/memory_manager.png)

It's using a container simply named `GodotBinding`, holding a reference to both wrapper and script instance (when they exist).
This is this type of object that is used as an `instance binding` back in C++.
This means that as long as the C++ object is alive, the JVM instances will also stay alive.

### Refcounted management

`Refcounted` objects are a bit harder to manage as they don't rely on manual management but reference counting.
Kotlin instances all contribute to increase that counter, so the native object won't die as long as the JVM needs it.
It's a vicious cycle because throught the binding C++ is also holding a reference to the Kotlin instance, it means they are both keeping each other alive.
If kept that way, both will never be able to be freed even if unused.

The solution to problem is to transform the instance binding into a *weak reference* when the C++ side no longer use it.
That way, the Godot binding will be able to be freed by the garbage collector. When this happens, the `MemoryManager` will then decrement
the counter of the C++ `RefCounted` and free it.

### Triangular references

`GodotBinding`, `Wrapper` and `Script Instance` all holds references to each other, linking their lifetimes to each other.
It's made this way because the binding is the object referenced by the C++ to keep everything alive.
Conversely, any usage of the wrapper or script instance have to keep the native C++ object alive as well.

Commit message:

Optimize memory manager (#682)
* Remove ThreadLocalLazy
* Remove GodotBinding and reuse the name for Entry instead.
* Update doc
* Batch nativeCoreBindings
* Replace objectDB array by hashmap
* Improve MemoryManager smoothing
* Properly delete temporary default value objects

docs/src/doc/contribution/knowledge-base/memory-management.md, after:

The purpose of this page is to give some clarification about how Godot and the JVM manage their memory together. 

## Regular Godot memory management

### Object and Refcounted

Godot manages the memory in two ways. Classes belonging to the `Object` category are manually freed.
If not done, it will remain in memory until the program terminates and leak. To make memory management easier,
another category called `Refcounted` exists. Through an internal counter, these classes keep track of how many
times they are referenced by other parts of the program. When the counter reaches 0 the instances will be freed
automatically from memory.

### Instance binding

Other languages can have different ways to handle memory than Godot. To help with it, Godot objects can hold `instance bindings`.
It's a set of callbacks that can be implemented by whoever wish to add a new language binding to Godot.
There are callbacks for the different phases of the lifecycle of an object: *creation*, *destruction* and *counter updates*.
Using those callbacks, one can then synchronize the state of the Godot object with the memory of the targeted languages.

## Java Virtual Machine

### Garbage Collector

The JVM doesn't allow to manually manage memory. Instead, a subsystem, called Garbage Collector, will periodically run over the
different objects in memory and check if they should be freed. The idea is similar to reference counting, as an object will be
freed when it's not referenced by any other parts of the code. But unlike the reference counting technique it's not immediate,
there is a delay before it happens as the Garbage Collector needs to run and find candidates for deletion before.

All in all, it's different from the ways Godot works and require a whole system to bridge the two worlds.

### Wrapper and script instance

Each time a Godot object requires some interactions with the JVM (e.g., sending a parameter from C++ to a Kotlin script methods,
created directly by a Kotlin scripts, etc...), it needs to acquire an existence inside it. A Godot object can be of two differents
types within the JVM.

The first is a `Wrapper`, there is a wrapper class for every Godot base type already existing in C++ (Object, Refcounted, Nodes, etc...).
As the name implies, they simply wrap a C++ pointer and use it to call all the C++ methods the Godot object holds.

The second type are the `Script Instances`, they are the custom scripts users wrote. For this type, the process is the reverse,
they expose a set of Kotlin properties and methods to the C++ so they can be used by the engine like you would do with a common GDScript code.

### Memory manager

In C++ Godot, an object made out of two components: a *base type* and an *optional script*. We mirror the Godot's object structure in the JVM
with the wrappers and script instances. One major difference is that in C++, the script instance is simply a member of the base script and
emulate inheritance this way. In Kotlin, for technical reasons, we don't have any other choice than doing true inheritance.
A script instance always inherits a wrapper type, for the sake of user convenience. Because of this, a C++ object can have up to 2 JVM instances each with their own lifecycle.
The wrapper is bound to the Godot instance and the script instance is bound to its script.
A Godot object can freely add, remove and switch script during its lifetime. The manager must be able to switch between those 2 JVM instance when necessary.

To manage this, we created a singleton named `MemoryManager`, providing the following functionalities:

* Keeping an up-to-date database of all Kotlin instances, being wrapper or script instance existing in the JVM.
* Matching any C++ pointer with an existing JVM instance (necessary when a C++ parameter is sent to a Kotlin function).
* Synchronizing the life of JVM and C++ instances.

![Memory Manager](../../assets/img/memory_manager.png)

We make use of the instance binding system in Godot. Each native object holds a list of bindings to different languages.
Those bindings come with a set of callbacks that can be used to notify the language runtime what happens to the object.
We use those bindings to manage the life of the JVM instances. As long as a Godot object or script is alive, its JVM counterparts will also remain.

### Refcounted base type

`Refcounted` objects are a bit harder to manage as they don't rely on manual management but reference counting. We can't manage their life the same way as regular objects.
Kotlin bindings all contribute to increase that counter, so a `Refcounted` instance won't die as long as the JVM needs it.
Unlike regular object, a JVM wrapper for a `Refcounted` can die before its native object. When the JVM GC runs on those wrappers, the manager is going to decrease the counter as well.
It behaves mostly like the equivalent C++ Ref<> container in Godot, the difference being that the counter is decremented in a delay manner(because of GC)

### Refcounted scripts

Scripts inheriting `Refcounted` are yet another challenge when managing memory, we need to keep those alive as long as the native script instance exist. 
For that purpose, we directly store a JNI reference to the Kotlin script on the C++ side.
It's a vicious cycle because. The C++ instance prevents the GC of the Kotlin script, but as long as this script is alive, the counter can't be decremented. 
It means they are both keeping each other alive. If kept that way, both will never be able to be freed even if unused.

The solution to problem is to transform the JNI reference into a *weak reference* when the C++ side no longer use it.
We know it's the case when the counter reaches 1 (because then the JVM is the only that didn't decrement it).
That way, the Godot binding will be able to be freed by the garbage collector. When this happens, the `MemoryManager` will then decrement
the counter of the C++ `RefCounted` and free it.

### Cyclical references

`Wrapper` and `Script Instance` all holds references to each other, linking their lifetimes to each other.
Even if the manager can freely switch between wrapper and script instance when necessary, this is not the case for regular user code.
Someone can hold a reference to a wrapper when another part of the code is going to set a script on the native object, creating a script instance in the process.
In such case, we need to make sure that this wrapper reference can also keep the script alive.
