docs/src/doc/getting-started/your-first-class.md, before:

Let's create a file `src/main/kotlin/com/yourcompany/game/Simple.kt` with the following content:

```kotlin
package com.yourcompany.game

import godot.Node3D
import godot.annotation.RegisterClass
import godot.annotation.RegisterFunction
import godot.global.GD

@RegisterClass
class Simple: Node3D() {

    @RegisterFunction
    override fun _ready() {
        GD.print("Hello world!")
    }
}
```

The [classes](../user-guide/classes.md) section covers in detail what we did here, but for now `@RegisterClass` will register the class to Godot. Now we can trigger a build.

```shell
./gradlew build
``` 

Once the build completes, you will be able to use your class in Godot. Simply attach the generated `gdj` file (you'll learn what this file is in the [user guide](../user-guide/api-differences.md)) to a node like you would do in GDScript. If you rebuild the project while the editor is open, your classes will be reloaded automatically in Godot and you can use them.

![Attach Node Script](../assets/img/attach.png)

!!! info
    As Kotlin is a compiled language you can only use newly created classes after you have built them, otherwise, Godot will not be able to find them.

## Configuring dependencies
The majority of the JVM ecosystem is at your disposal, just add a dependency like you would in a normal java based project to your build file:

=== "build.gradle.kts"
    ```kotlin
    dependencies {
        implementation("joda-time:joda-time:2.10.6")
    }
    ```

Commit message:

Add final project structure and remove out of place dependency documentation

docs/src/doc/getting-started/your-first-class.md, after:

Let's create a file `src/main/kotlin/com/yourcompany/game/Simple.kt` with the following content:

```kotlin
package com.yourcompany.game

import godot.Node3D
import godot.annotation.RegisterClass
import godot.annotation.RegisterFunction
import godot.global.GD

@RegisterClass
class Simple: Node3D() {

    @RegisterFunction
    override fun _ready() {
        GD.print("Hello world!")
    }
}
```

The [classes](../user-guide/classes.md) section covers in detail what we did here, but for now `@RegisterClass` will register the class to Godot. Now we can trigger a build.

```shell
./gradlew build
``` 

Once the build completes, you will be able to use your class in Godot. Simply attach the generated `gdj` file (you'll learn what this file is in the [user guide](../user-guide/api-differences.md)) to a node like you would do in GDScript. If you rebuild the project while the editor is open, your classes will be reloaded automatically in Godot and you can use them.

![Attach Node Script](../assets/img/attach.png)

!!! info
    As Kotlin is a compiled language you can only use newly created classes after you have built them, otherwise, Godot will not be able to find them.


# Final project structure
The final project should look like this:

![Final project structure](../assets/img/final_project_structure.png)
