docs/src/doc/user-guide/functions.md, before:

Any Kotlin function can be registered as long as its parameters and return type can be converted to a `Variant`. To register a function annotate it with `@RegisterFunction`.

```kotlin
@RegisterClass
class RotatingCube: Node3D() {
    @RegisterFunction
    override fun _ready() {
        println("I am ready!")
    }
}
```

## Naming
Function names should follow Kotlin's style which is camelCase. For consistency with Godot's style, your functions are actually registered as snake_case. So a function `doSomething()` in Kotlin is usable in GDScript as `do_something()`.

## Virtual functions
Virtual functions (like `_ready`, `_process` and `_physics_process`) are declared as overridable functions. The default implementation throws a `NotImplementedException`, so you have to override it if you plan to expose a virtual function to Godot. Remember, just overriding is not enough to use that function - you have to explicitly register it as well with `@RegisterFunction`.

## Customization
You can customize to some extent how your function should be registered in Godot. The `@RegisterFunction` annotation takes one argument:

- **rpcMode**: Default: `RPCMode.DISABLED`

Commit message:

Fix max arg size (#493)
* Update max arg size to be 8 for function calls

* Move other hard coded max args occurrences to constraints

* Increase constructor max arg size to 8 as well

* Add new KtConstructor classes

* Add missing registration functions

* Add missing callable functions

* Update error messages on arg count checks

* Fix wrong index access

* Fix hardcoded array size

* Add unit tests for arg counts

* Update .godot cache

* Update documentation

* Update default buffer size in documentation

* Make constraints `static constexpr` to be sure they are inlined by the compiler

---------

Co-authored-by: Tristan Grespinet <cednaru.dev@gmail.com>

docs/src/doc/user-guide/functions.md, after:

Any Kotlin function can be registered as long as its parameters and return type can be converted to a `Variant`. To register a function annotate it with `@RegisterFunction`.

```kotlin
@RegisterClass
class RotatingCube: Node3D() {
    @RegisterFunction
    override fun _ready() {
        println("I am ready!")
    }
}
```

## Naming
Function names should follow Kotlin's style which is camelCase. For consistency with Godot's style, your functions are actually registered as snake_case. So a function `doSomething()` in Kotlin is usable in GDScript as `do_something()`.

## Virtual functions
Virtual functions (like `_ready`, `_process` and `_physics_process`) are declared as overridable functions. The default implementation throws a `NotImplementedException`, so you have to override it if you plan to expose a virtual function to Godot. Remember, just overriding is not enough to use that function - you have to explicitly register it as well with `@RegisterFunction`.

## Arg count
Godot limits the allowed argument count of functions to `8`. Thus, this binding also has this limitation. If you want to pass more than 8 parameters in a function, you need to wrap them in a container (like a custom container class or a `VariantArray` or `Dictionary`).

## Customization
You can customize to some extent how your function should be registered in Godot. The `@RegisterFunction` annotation takes one argument:

- **rpcMode**: Default: `RPCMode.DISABLED`
