docs/src/doc/user-guide/properties.md, before:

Any property of a registered class can be registered as long as it meets all of the following requirements:

 - Defined inside a registered class
 - Mutable
 - Annotated with `@RegisterProperty`
 - Type can be converted to `Variant`



```kotlin
@RegisterClass
class RotatingCube: Spatial() {

    @RegisterProperty
    lateinit var lateInitProperty: NodePath

    @RegisterProperty
    var propertyWithDefaultValue: Float = 2f
}
```

## Naming
You can and should name your properties kotlin style camelCase. But for a more natural feel and more consistent code in GDScript when using kotlin properties from GDScript, your properties are actually registered as snake_case. So if you want to use your kotlin property `someFlag` use it from GDScript with `some_flag`.

## Default Values
If you define a default value for a property and `visibleInEditor` (more on that later) is set to `true`, the default value will be set in the `inspector`.

!!! note ""
    If you set a default value in code and a different value in the `inspector` the value of the `inspector` will override the value in code after `init` and before `_enter_tree`!
    A default value can **only** contain compile time constants and only References to compile time constants! Better you only use refs where you have no other choice like for Enums.
    We try to catch all wrong references during compilation and throw a corresponding exception, but we may have missed some cases which then only occur during runtime.
    We also strongly recommend using our Intellij plugin as it can warn you about many wrongly registered properties while you write your code. See the section [IDE](../getting-started/ide.md) for more information about the plugin.


## Registration Configuration
You can customize to some extent how your property should be registered in Godot:

The `@RegisterProperty` annotation takes two arguments:

- **visibleInEditor**: If set to `true` the property is visible in the `inspector`. Default: `true`
- **rpcMode**: Default: `RPCMode.DISABLED`

## Type Hint Registration
This module provides a plethora of annotations for defining Property Type Hints. These annotations are for the `inspector` to provide proper hints and editors to set and change values from within the inspector (like a color wheel, checkboxes, file dialogs, and so on...).
Each property hint annotation can only be added to certain types of properties. If you use such an annotation wrongly, we will let your compilation fail. If you want warnings about wrong type hint annotation usage, install our intellij IDE plugin.
Below is a list of currently implemented type hints:

| Annotation      | Type of Property           | Arguments                                                             | Short Description                                                                                                                                |
|-----------------|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| IntRange        | Int                        | start: Int, end: Int, step: Int = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE          | Provides a range of ints from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                                                |
| FloatRange      | Float                      | start: Float, end: Float, step: Float = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE    | Provides a range of floats from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                                              |
| DoubleRange     | Double                     | start: Double, end: Double, step: Double = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE | Provides a range of doubles from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                                             |
| ExpRange        | Float Double               | start: Float, end: Float, step: Float = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE    | Provides a exponential range of doubles or floats from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                       |
| EnumTypeHint    | Enum                       |                                                                       | Registers an enum. The editor then provides a selection of the possible enum values                                                              |
| ExpEasing       | Float Double               | attenuation: Boolean = false, inOut: Boolean = true                   | N/A                                                                                                                                              |
| EnumFlag        | Set<Enum> MutableSet<Enum> |                                                                       | Registers a flag with the enum names set as the flag names. The values in the set define which flags are set.                                    |
| IntFlag         | Int                        | names: vararg String                                                  | Same as enum flag but the `names` set which values can be set in the inspector and no automatic conversion to the individual flag values happen. |
| File            | String                     | extensions: Array<String> = [], global: Boolean = false               | The inspector will show a File dialog in which you can select a File. The Path of the file will be stored in the property.                       |
| Dir             | String                     | global: Boolean = false                                               | The inspector will show a File dialog in which you can select a directory. The Path of the directory will be stored in the property.             |
| MultilineText   | String                     |                                                                       | The inspector shows a multiline text input.                                                                                                      |
| PlaceHolderText | String                     |                                                                       | N/A                                                                                                                                              |
| ColorNoAlpha    | Color                      |                                                                       | The inspector shows a color selection dialog without Alpha                                                                                       |


## What's next?
- [Registering classes](classes.md)
- [Registering signals](signals.md)
- [Registering functions](functions.md)

Commit message:

True provider, enum lists and `Export`, `Tool` annotations (#165)
* Implement true providers and enum lists

* Implement visibleInEditor functionality which fixes leaks of objects

* Forgot a file -.-

* Add export and tool annotations with corresponding checks

* Exclude class from check

* Update documentation

* Allow references for default values if not exported and improve checks

docs/src/doc/user-guide/properties.md, after:

Any property of a registered class can be registered as long as it meets all of the following requirements:

 - Defined inside a registered class
 - Mutable
 - Annotated with `@RegisterProperty`
 - Type can be converted to `Variant`



```kotlin
@RegisterClass
class RotatingCube: Spatial() {

    @RegisterProperty
    lateinit var lateInitProperty: NodePath

    @RegisterProperty
    var propertyWithDefaultValue: Float = 2f
}
```

## Naming
You can and should name your properties kotlin style camelCase. But for a more natural feel and more consistent code in GDScript when using kotlin properties from GDScript, your properties are actually registered as snake_case. So if you want to use your kotlin property `someFlag` use it from GDScript with `some_flag`.

## Exporting
To export your property (make it visible in the inspector), add the annotation `@Export` to your property.  
A property can only be annotated with `@Export` and thus exported, if the type inherits `godot.Reference`, is a CoreType or a primitive.

## Default Values
If you define a default value for a property and the property is exported with `@Export`, the default value will be set in the `inspector`.

!!! warning ""
    If you set a default value in code and a different value in the `inspector` the value of the `inspector` will override the value in code after `init` and before `_enter_tree`!
    A default value can **only** contain compile time constants and only References to compile time constants! Better you only use refs where you have no other choice like for Enums.
    We try to catch all wrong references during compilation and throw a corresponding exception, but we may have missed some cases which then only occur during runtime.
    We also strongly recommend using our Intellij plugin as it can warn you about many wrongly registered properties while you write your code. See the section [IDE](../getting-started/ide.md) for more information about the plugin.


## Registration Configuration
You can customize to some extent how your property should be registered in Godot:

The `@RegisterProperty` annotation takes one optional argument:

- **rpcMode**: Default: `RPCMode.DISABLED`

## Type Hint Registration
This module provides a plethora of annotations for defining Property Type Hints. These annotations are for the `inspector` to provide proper hints and editors to set and change values from within the inspector (like a color wheel, checkboxes, file dialogs, and so on...).
Each property hint annotation can only be added to certain types of properties. If you use such an annotation wrongly, we will let your compilation fail. If you want warnings about wrong type hint annotation usage, install our intellij IDE plugin.  

!!! warning ""
    A property hint only takes effect if the property is also annotated with `@Export`
 
Below is a list of currently implemented type hints:

| Annotation      | Type of Property           | Arguments                                                             | Short Description                                                                                                                                |
|-----------------|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| IntRange        | Int                        | start: Int, end: Int, step: Int = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE          | Provides a range of ints from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                                                |
| FloatRange      | Float                      | start: Float, end: Float, step: Float = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE    | Provides a range of floats from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                                              |
| DoubleRange     | Double                     | start: Double, end: Double, step: Double = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE | Provides a range of doubles from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                                             |
| ExpRange        | Float Double               | start: Float, end: Float, step: Float = -1, or: Range = Range.NONE    | Provides a exponential range of doubles or floats from start to end, with optional steps, and optional `lesser or greater`                       |
| EnumTypeHint    | Enum                       |                                                                       | Registers an enum. The editor then provides a selection of the possible enum values                                                              |
| ExpEasing       | Float Double               | attenuation: Boolean = false, inOut: Boolean = true                   | N/A                                                                                                                                              |
| EnumFlag        | Set<Enum> MutableSet<Enum> |                                                                       | Registers a flag with the enum names set as the flag names. The values in the set define which flags are set.                                    |
| IntFlag         | Int                        | names: vararg String                                                  | Same as enum flag but the `names` set which values can be set in the inspector and no automatic conversion to the individual flag values happen. |
| File            | String                     | extensions: Array<String> = [], global: Boolean = false               | The inspector will show a File dialog in which you can select a File. The Path of the file will be stored in the property.                       |
| Dir             | String                     | global: Boolean = false                                               | The inspector will show a File dialog in which you can select a directory. The Path of the directory will be stored in the property.             |
| MultilineText   | String                     |                                                                       | The inspector shows a multiline text input.                                                                                                      |
| PlaceHolderText | String                     |                                                                       | N/A                                                                                                                                              |
| ColorNoAlpha    | Color                      |                                                                       | The inspector shows a color selection dialog without Alpha                                                                                       |


## What's next?
- [Registering classes](classes.md)
- [Registering signals](signals.md)
- [Registering functions](functions.md)
