docs/src/doc/user-guide/advanced/graal-vm-native-image.md, before:

## Default GraalVM native image configuration

**Warning: Reloading is not possible with native-image, as it would require to reload JVM.**

On desktop platform, you can choose to build a [GraalVM native image](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/native-image/).  
You first need to install graal-vm and its tool native image. Then, you should set `GRAALVM_HOME` environment variable
to point to GraalVM's home folder.  

On windows, you should add `VC_VARS_PATH` environment variable to point to vcvars bat file. This is mandatory so that we
can initialize visual studio tools. (Example: `C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Community\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvars64.bat`)

In order to build a native image, you should add configuration to gradle plugin to enable building of native-image this
way:
```kotlin
godot {
    isGraalExportEnabled.set(true)
    nativeImageToolPath.set("${System.getenv("GRAALVM_HOME")}/bin/native-image")
    
    windowsDeveloperVCVarsPath.set("System.getenv("VC_VARS_PATH")")
}
```

In order to use the generated native-image, you can pass `--java-vm-type=graal` argument to engine, or simply change
`godot_kotlin_configuration.json` to set vm_type to `graal`.

## Reflexion and JNI with native image

GraalVM native image performs AOT compilation. In order to be able to use reflexion and jni, you need to provide an
additional configuration file.  
This applies also for third party library you use that would do reflexion.

In order to append those configurations add the json in `graal` folder of your project (it should be generated on first
graal native image use).  
Then you can add `additionalGraalJniConfigurationFiles` parameter, this way:

```kotlin
godot {
    isGraalExportEnabled.set(true)
    nativeImageToolPath.set("${System.getenv("GRAALVM_HOME")}/bin/native-image")
    
    windowsDeveloperVCVarsPath.set(System.getenv("VC_VARS_PATH"))
    additionalGraalJniConfigurationFiles.set(arrayOf("my-jni-configuration-file.json", "another-conf.json"))
}
```

Commit message:

rewrite doc and typo reflexion -> reflection

docs/src/doc/user-guide/advanced/graal-vm-native-image.md, after:

## Default GraalVM native image configuration

!!! warning  
    Reloading code changes in the editor is not possible with native-image, as it would require to reload the JVM.

On desktop platform, you can choose to build a [GraalVM native image](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/native-image/). You first need to install graal-vm and its tool native image. Then, you should set `GRAALVM_HOME` environment variable to point to GraalVM's home folder.  

On windows, you should add `VC_VARS_PATH` environment variable to point to vcvars bat file. This is mandatory so that we can initialize visual studio tools. (Example: `C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Community\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvars64.bat`)

In order to build a native image, you should add configuration to gradle plugin to enable building of native-image this way:
```kotlin
godot {
    isGraalExportEnabled.set(true)
    nativeImageToolPath.set("${System.getenv("GRAALVM_HOME")}/bin/native-image")
    
    windowsDeveloperVCVarsPath.set("System.getenv("VC_VARS_PATH")")
}
```

In order to use the generated native-image, you can pass `--java-vm-type=graal` argument to engine, or simply change `godot_kotlin_configuration.json` to set vm_type to `graal`.

## Reflection, libraries and JNI with native image

GraalVM native image performs AOT compilation. In order to be able to use reflection and jni, you need to provide an additional configuration file.  
This applies also for third party library you use that would do reflection. You can find documentation on how to easily generate them [here](https://www.graalvm.org/reference-manual/native-image/Agent/).

In order to append those configurations add the json in `graal` folder of your project (it should be generated on first graal native image use). Then you can add `additionalGraalJniConfigurationFiles` parameter, this way:

```kotlin
godot {
    isGraalExportEnabled.set(true)
    nativeImageToolPath.set("${System.getenv("GRAALVM_HOME")}/bin/native-image")
    
    windowsDeveloperVCVarsPath.set(System.getenv("VC_VARS_PATH"))
    additionalGraalJniConfigurationFiles.set(arrayOf("my-jni-configuration-file.json", "another-conf.json"))
}
```
